so i said i would donate 50 of
my merch profits to charity
i hadn't decided what but my merch guy
knows dr king's wife
and they asked can you do you want to
help out his startup
mental health coaching thing and
originally it was going to be more but i
wasn't sure like what this was and like
it's like risky i think donating to
startups i wasn't like share something
i'll donate like 3000 for now and like
let's see where it goes
that was it i thought that was it and
then he mentioned it on lsf
and now people are like wow she's so
nice and blah blah blah and i don't feel
like she passes the good person that's
the number one comment i didn't like
that
lily pichu is a good person no no okay
i don't think it's bad since you're
donating
then you're like influencing other
people to donate to right
yeah yeah like that time i donated 20
000 which is seventeen thousand more
than you lilly
to charity but it's not about it
everyone can help
no mention of it on her social medias
she passes the good person's
testosterone i think it was a very nice
thing to do
in austin i thought he
he i don't you guys have not talked to
dr k
right never but like i talked to him
twice
and both times i gained like a lot of
perspective
afterwards it was actually very helpful
i think he's one of the
huh he's really interesting one of the
best people on twitch
he's very smart did you guys know
he's an intp
that's why she donated no i don't know
it all makes sense
anyway wow i sure am hungry oh
i'm oh man i'm so hungry right now
hey everybody welcome to the 18th ever
offline tv
podcast and lily do you have something
to say
oh man i'm i'm really hungry right now
i forgot to eat before the podcast what
should i do
i don't know what should you do lily
is there something that we can order
food with since we're not going outside
i don't know is there lily well
we're happy to announce this podcast
that we're partnering with postmates
postman housemates the go-to app if you
want food delivery with quick service
and you're giving everyone a hundred
dollars in delivery
fee credit for your first seven days
free wow
literally you have food there did they
deliver those food to you what did you
know which i actually
didn't order from postmates right before
this podcast let me stop
stop i'm chilling um i ordered
it's not it's not focusing guys
no it's focusing on the food and that's
okay focus on the food
what'd you get lily
there's a kimchi fried rice over here
yeah kimchi fried rice now
yeah you guys make sure to order locally
to support your local business
in these difficult times yes of course i
do
you could get your favorite food sent to
your door oh my god
wow everyone's next to me doing socials
i'm getting really nervous right now
oh do we do we have a do we have a code
ask everyone before she leaves
but anyway yeah post postmates and
post me honestly i've been ordering off
postmates
the entire quarantine so you know what
i need food i get food it's through
postmates
yeah i got i have postmates uh diamond
as well
oh yeah you did i'm just kidding
got him i'm just trying to see who's
fake you know
strawberry juice and i almost finished
oh i am so full all right so if you want
to order food
and not cook and not interact with other
human beings
check out the link in the description
below and download post mates
today we did it guys our first ever
sponsored podcast is that our first
sponsored podcast yes first one
we made it big boys hell yeah about that
time all right so let's uh get us
started
today um we have some random topics to
kind of lead the discussion but
obviously we will always deviate
when we feel like it uh anything new
with you guys let's start with lily
pichu
let's start with scarab because lily
okay
so um i started playing minecraft
it was really fun um okay
that that's it that's it she's playing
minecraft
look for me i'm i'm coming to to
understanding that i need
certain things done for me you know i
need laundry done i need to do my
laundry and that's why i'm wearing this
is it's not christmas okay
this is a christmas holy sweater it's a
little bit
out of season but it's a little comfy so
i don't really care
but you know what do you guys think
about delivering
you know having laundry delivered to you
to your place so i
don't like it i just got that done today
how much i think it's so worth i think
it's okay
it if i do laundry every two weeks which
is on average usually what happens if
it's not quarantined
i have to spend like 30 something
dollars 35
for like a couple pounds of laundry
every two weeks for them to fold clean
and like organize it and send it back
for 35
fold clean throw and wash my laundry yes
and and have everything organized for me
for 35
for me i'm like that's a win that's like
a i saved like a
two one to two hours of headache for me
i could be streaming i'm just relaxing
you know
if you guys need your rooms clean i do
it for like 50 gifted subs
lily that's way more expensive that's
250 dollars
i don't i mean but like you're taking
she's she's like losing money by doing
it
and like okay okay okay can i stream it
can i stream it on my stream
wait wait i could stream on my stream
yeah yeah yeah that's what i did
that's affected i like put on a main
outfit and then while he was streaming i
just like cleaned his room for like an
hour straight
amazing outfit you said completely worth
it
okay how what does the made outfit look
like there's a lot of different ones
it's just a standard black dress with
the
white thingy i don't know you want to
choose if you want to choose that's an
extra extra like 10 subs
yeah so you're telling me i could choose
the outfit yeah yeah
but within reason obviously what does
that mean michael approved
[Music]
lily you're an independent woman you
shouldn't need permission from your
significant other on what you can wear
it's 20 20. whatever outfit i don't give
a [__] i don't give a [__]
all right anything new with you
uh just kind of still on the grind
streaming every day that's that's about
it nothing how many subs are you at now
uh 21. 20.
is that morning oh pokey it was that i
think 28.
you guys are rich
i mean this is only worth this is one
month for me guys
okay you know fed
your one month is worth more than eight
of my months last year
nine of my months last year actually
it's worth all 12 months
of to all 12 months particularly for for
last year is one month
for me this year yeah isn't that like
insane yeah it's funny
so many subs like that's
that's great wait what is this oh yeah
so lily do you approve of any of these
outfits
oh scarlett linked the french made
lingerie
costume
oh my god skara what the [__]
okay i was gonna i was gonna show this
one
on on on the video i have the editor pop
this up but it's all just gonna be
blurred out
oh wait if there's anything if it's
going to be anything like fed stream
getting banned just means i'm going to
come back stronger
is a made out foot but with the boobs
cut out so
the breasts are just exposed
okay so there are 330 million people in
the united states
do you ever think about how there is
likely one person out there whose
favorite fruit is an apple
so they bought stocks in apple and ended
up becoming an accidental millionaire
deshawn write this
sean did write these sean of course
wrote this
all right let's do the second topic that
one's more easy to talk about
what's the luckiest thing that's ever
happened to you
besides otv oh
i mean when you think about it the
miracle of birth is lucky because as a
sperm you're competing with like
millions a million other sperm like
you're
like being born you're already like one
in a million because you out swam the
other sperm
and you wriggled your way into the egg
and fertilized it
okay that
uh okay the lucky things that happened
to you guys i mean being streamers and
being otv
is obviously lucky
to be in that position tammy
she's the best dog ever but it's not
lucky
yeah i want to say that's lucky but like
all the circumstances that led me to get
to her maybe i don't know
did you know i had the choice between
tammy and her brother her twin brother
and i originally wanted the male one
because i thought
male dogs bonded better with female
owners and vice versa
oh true because all my friends have like
male dogs you know what i mean
so i wanted the male but then like
they took him really fast except and
they're like do you still want her or
not
i'm like and yeah you have to make a
decision there she's someone else is
going to want her like asap and i'm like
fine whatever and i just yellow wow
that's actually crazy and did you guys
know
she was inseparable from her what if the
twin brother was actually a better dog
and you just never found out
i don't want to know
what her brother is doing because they
look identical you know
yeah um so if you had a crystal ball and
this
showed you what your life would have
been
a dog would you look into the crystal
ball i would like to see like a what if
situ
i always wished i had a crystal ball
that allowed me to see like
any sort of what-if situation what if i
never joined offline for example
what if i did this what if i majored in
this i would like to know how my life
would have panned out that's cool
which way you guys want to know like
what
oh let me ask you this would you look at
it
for the purpose of your ex relationship
like what if i look what if i you know
stay with this person what if he never
broke up what if you did that and it
shows you
a lot happier
what if i stand with my eggs and you
guys are [__] both like super happy
soulmates blah blah
but in the present it can no longer be
maybe
no one has this sort of crystal ball
yeah like i i don't
i don't know if i want to look into it
yeah [__] that i don't think i would
want to look into it either
well we use car you look into the
crystal ball
of what is and regrets you know they say
ignorance is bliss
i'm i think if i looked in i could be
okay regardless if i see it like for
by looking and it's like yeah you know
if you did this other thing you have
found the girl of your dreams and being
a multi-billionaire and look at that and
be [__] sad
and then get over it you know but you
don't think every day you wake up and be
like [__]
this could have happened every day wake
up dude i get over this [__] so
quick it's my one of my greatest
strengths and my greatest greatest
weaknesses i get over [__] like this
dude
if you wronged me in like the worst
possible way i'll be over it like
hey scarlett let's talk about your
twitch contract real quick
you know i'm already over it in a week
yeah
in a week i mean i feel like this you
know if you want to renegotiate your
contract the best time to do it
is now because you know not that
i promote capitalizing off a pandemic
but if you look at
viewership for streams everything's like
like future fast almost tripled like
scars has like increased by 1.5 times
since the start and it's like you know
it's terrible like if feds is increased
by like
one oh yeah
that's insane i mean i hope this
quarantine's over soon but
hey i'm uh doing i'm doing
okay while it's going on okay
of fed fed you recently were on a
twitch dating show
let's have fed set it up like what's
this bachelor show
well okay so it's a rochester and
basically it's sort of a bachelor except
um
basically there are 10 11 girls and
before the show they choose love
or host okay and it's kind of my job
each round i have to eliminate
one girl okay and i'm looking i'm out
here looking for love but i'm also out
here looking for people who chose ho
it's kind of like mafia you know
i want to eliminate people that chose
host because i don't i want to find love
and the show was really good i had a
really good time very very entertaining
if you haven't seen it um
but uh you know the last round was kind
of crazy
um i chose
f the girl that i thought was the most
like fun
and con like fun content-wise um i
wasn't out
honestly i wasn't out here looking for
love from being completely honest with
you guys okay
yeah yeah and um i picked her
um and she chose host which i okay i
i half expected that um and then she
picked her so she won the show
she won the show ready like she she was
done she could have just walked away
with her bag you know her 72 000 viewer
host the biggest
raj show ever just saying um
and uh she called me ugly
and unattractive and like i didn't
[__] give her
frats ass dude my my whole chat cost me
roadkill every [__] day like
i don't give a [__] but she said that i
was like hey it's okay
and then the whole chat like exploded
like what the [__] that [__] [__]
man
and then uh like my mo came in pokey
came in like miz came in
like slicker came in like what the [__]
like it started this huge like thing
um and um yeah she got a lot of like
flack for it like she lost like
basically like 95
of the hosts and like most most of the
viewers came to me
and jade who was second which was kind
of crazy
i lost i was like wow okay i'm gonna i'm
a pity party but uh
no it felt like i won um and yeah
yeah dude i think fed's out here getting
w's on the daily i swear to god man
it's actually insane yeah i don't
actually know
like no this is it i go in the morning
or in the afternoon
i'll go and like see lily and michael
would talk with chill about our day
and i'll see you and you're coming
downstairs with these headphones and
you're like it looks like you're on the
grind
every time i talk to you like yeah dude
i'm about to do the ratchet about to do
this by the way you know i just broke 20
000 subs
ah no big deal dude this is just a
tuesday for me
no i'm still kind of like not used to
the
now used to it but it's it's uh i'm
trying to
take advantage of it yeah yeah
that uh that girl got uh roasted lily
what was your reaction when you found
out this girl
called fed ugly in front of 70
000 people for real no reason my initial
reaction was like nah there's no way
yeah i couldn't believe it i guess
because i was like
i remember that entire day i was playing
minecraft but michaels
we were having like a chill time you
know farming like wood
and like making a house picking flowers
it was really
end cute like all right uh let's check
ready for oh my god what
happened and then my chat's like oh my
gosh someone called
ugly i didn't know it was even a big
deal you know they're like someone
called fed ugly i'm like that's his chat
dude
yeah i think it was just like
circumstances like like it wasn't
appropriate necessarily to say
yeah granted she she called peep girls
like [__] and like
whatever during the show like yeah i
think it's fine but
like her she was i thought she was like
playing it up i guess i thought yeah
yeah
it's her persona like mm-hmm sort of
thing
yeah i think that's what she was trying
to do
but then she just went for like the
lowest hang for the edgiest thing like
after the fact that you know she won the
bachelor right
by saying oh yeah you're ugly it's like
it's so uncalled for the physical
appearance there's so many other things
you can roast fed about that
that will like hurt him way more yeah
she said it once and then she said it
like
five minutes later and then she said it
on her stream as well
and then it's really weird after the
kind of thing like blew up in her face
um i haven't told anyone this yet but we
had a private i had a private call with
her and raj
to just like clear clear the air and
uh she said that like
like she thought anything was fair game
you know because on the show
oftentimes is like uh like you know
these kind of arguments or like um
banter happens you know she calls other
girls [__] all the time other girls
ugly all the time
you know and so she thought this was no
different um
but she doesn't and she told me like i
don't think you're actually ugly i just
thought it was just like
like a funny thing to do in the moment
you know
and see like yeah i mean she doubled
down on twitter
a few days later and replied to like
each of
um the people who are defending you even
me
she's like um
she went for the most easy insult
obviously
showed up facebook andy okay and then
like
he like flamed leslie flame jade
really like she privated her account
because people were blaming her
so she tried to double down on the
persona and then she realized
oh wait maybe i shouldn't and then she
private her accounts like
god people are stupid when it comes to
crafting a personal brand
yeah i don't know well she didn't
get that much hate from it though but
people can be a little
zelda overzealous when it comes to witch
hunting
bros dude they hurt my bro dude i got
his back
they come into my street like yo you and
toast you hear what the [__] he said
about you
bro dude that's out here getting
attacked yeah [__] this [__] up
and i'm just like what's going on man
well every day after i just go into
pheasant hey
you feeling ugly
yeah literally that day like all my all
my girlfriends just like missed me
you're not ugly enough
really yeah like like arias
janet um [__] like the whole like the
whole list
anything comes out of this it's uh we
have some good friends
yeah oh yeah yeah definitely
i mean this subscribes to my theory that
honestly
when something bad happens to you it's
one of the best thing that can happen to
you
from a publicity perspective now
i'm not saying people should go out and
fake anything
or like create scenarios
but i think when it comes to like
streaming when bad [__] happens to you
people
feel closer to you because it's like you
go through
a very negative thing that people don't
really talk about
but because you're a public figure they
get to see it happen
like for me it's like having my uh face
revealed like i was planning to save
that for a long time
and being blackmailed into like having
to show my face earlier
sucked at the very beginning but it was
literally one the best decision
i made for my stream right over sleeping
uh
a tournament oh my god that's so funny
it sucks because it's like i feel like
disappointing a lot of people by not
being on time but everyone was talking
about it and it was a meme
and it became more popular didn't
blizzard send you a
alarm clock yeah they sent me an alarm
clock
[__] hilarious man yeah i mean fed
recently has been going through some
like pretty
heavy stuff and like when i talk to him
about it's like hey man sorry going
through that [__]
but can i suggest that you go live right
now
because this this this is it this is get
this is how you get the viewers
you are in the right you can get the
sympathy votes yeah
yeah that's like all the homies like i
actually wasn't gonna go live after the
show i was just gonna like chill for a
bit
but everyone was like do you need to go
live right [__] now to take those
viewers from her like what the [__]
yeah uh but you know i i i
i was never phased by it but i just
thought was funny
does she do that lead
[Music]
okay uh next topic which video game
would you have the most luck in finding
someone to date
animal crossing league of legends a-rams
overwatch valor rants it's
it depends uh it depends because
valerian like i have to like
i have to like primarily focus unless
i'm like really good at the game and can
like
simultaneously like be good and small
talk you know what i'm saying like i
might feel like minecraft's gamer you
can small talk
and do whatever whereas like valerie
like
all right i gotta hear i gotta listen to
everything okay okay
you know like unless you're playing
against bots you know
unless you like mmr's really low but i'd
say like a game with like low
maintenance and then maximum content is
like where
i stand on the dating
cool what about you boys
dude a-rams
lily you go you go first no i was just
like boys
well you're a bro yeah you're looking
the boy
we call you in private bro
you got lily bro yeah what's up bro yo
yo how big you are
a game or anything that has a big fandom
specifically
so not through the game maybe but like
if
like you both meet through the art
community
of legal flashes you don't even like
perform them
she's going for the art girls huh lily
that's smart
thank you thank you i think uh
demographics was animal crossing would
be like the best thing right
because i see mostly girls talking about
that
and you know you can't exchange friend
code and visit that island
if you know what i mean if you got a big
turnip price you got a lot of attention
did you see the guy who was selling the
codes
like he got a big turnip price he was
like ten dollars to visit my island i
was just like
holy [__] this guy's an entrepreneur
he's capitalizing on the market
he made i think he made like a couple
hundred like a hundred dollars or two
hundred dollars
but i think uh league of legends abrams
is
the meme like within the esports circle
when a guy and a girl plays
league of legends a-ramps together you
know there's something there
there's a spark brewing it it's true
um because scarra has been through that
exactly oh
my gosh let's go ahead and show you wait
i told this story i told this story
before right
i don't even know i don't think so
anything private you know just recap
okay so this is a long time back when i
was pro players like eight years ago
like
uh i was dating someone and i
started i i of course like we're dating
i want to hang out with her and play
games with her so
she has to play a ram i was like yeah
sure at the time i did not play a normal
game if you look at my mattress street
i had not zero normal games played on
both my accounts for
two years straight okay actually full
zero games played um and then
i go into a ram it's with a lot of
people in the community like esports
communities
like a couple people a couple of girls
couple guys whatever
afterwards one of the girls dms me and
was just like are you too
and dating was like what the [__]
it was it was the they dm my girlfriend
at the time and she was she
she told me and she was like and she
asked them why why would you say that
it's like because scarra never comes to
these ah
i was just like i feel special i was
like
i got added so [__] fast literally
that first airing game i played in two
years
yeah it was like i was like god damn
dude but yeah i think it's a row
a funny [__] story oh did you come up
with an answer
no i said i said oh the question was
what game would you have the most luck
finding
with the big fandom
demographics i think so i think i do
think
there's a lot female league of legends
players
because the game is just so big and they
see a lot of their guy friends play it
let me just say ryan is very good at
catering sometimes to the female
demographic sometimes you know all those
skins you know
all those [__] luck skins okay like
yeah i have spent a lot of money on the
skins and would i want to
no did i do it yeah get a gift
like five friends looks that were like
30 bucks each
yeah i might have it's like
it calls to me i feel like one female
can feel like five or six dudes
does that make sense like like i'm sorry
okay here's what i mean here's what i
mean let's say you have one friend
for the same for example lily picchu is
a single
uh league of legends player and there's
end
in the friend group and there's five
single other single dudes
i feel like one female player can
can get four or five other dudes to also
play the game does that make sense
so lily can fuel five other dudes yes
that's i don't that's that's gonna be
that's gonna be the title of this
podcast
let's see
does that logic make sense i think it's
very specific but
i was talking to like um i forgot a
friend about like game development and
stuff when it comes to
attracting more players right and
specifically
wanted cute aesthetics for the
characters because that will attract
females
or i don't like saint pima um you know
just girls in general and those girls
will attract
guys and that's that was their whole
like mmo plan
wow that's actually really smart you
know i think i think lily is actually
really special she can get more than
five guys she can feel
hundreds probably thousands of men oh
yeah
i'm just saying like in a tr in a
traditional friend i think she's huge
right now
yeah yeah yeah i mean she's feeling
three men right here
you think i'd be here without lily pichu
guess again
wait what i'm trying to i'm trying to
like
vote like your dicks
uh next topic if your future husband
slash wife could be the best at
something
what would you choose sucking
my right boy
[Laughter]
[Music]
uh yo lily i thought you were on the
bros man a [__] dick am i right
yeah go back yeah i can't
i don't
that says something i don't know i don't
know i
i feel like look my interest
you know we talk about it a lot in bro
talks
but i feel like what i want in a woman
is constantly changing
like in the past i want a a servant girl
slash slave slash
you know submissive um okay
[__] um but now i wonder what it's like
to date someone who is so far above your
league
that you are like so thankful
so you're the slave yeah yeah like i'm
a simple girl yeah yeah do you think wow
this girl is too
good for me hmm don't know i think
the best is like equal right yeah see
that's what i want so bad man [__]
i think that's really hard though like
look at it this way how do you find
someone that's equal to fit all right
let me go to just chatting okay as a
streamer
find something with 21 20 000 other subs
is a just chinese streamer that's a
female single
oh wait there's no one that's [__]
crazy
there are like plenty of successful
women out there that just are
not in the twitch stream yeah it's
really hard because we're
in this bubble it's hard to me i think
meet people outside of it
well we're in an actual bubble yeah
it's hard it's hard yeah
every time like like the esports scene
we've said it's very uh incest it's one
incest
dude i understand
i understand that word yeah that word
is really anytime we hear someone is
dating another person
it's always like ah so rapper
yeah who dated him who dated her who
dated him who did it her who did it
michael's kind of like not in this yes
i like that about michael yeah i like
that that's a great choice
yeah so what do you guys think about a
girl
or a guy that's like in like not in our
circle but like on the like in another
community like let's say the fps
community is that was that still
considered in twitch
i think that's still twitch yeah okay
with some non-twitch people yeah
okay we just don't
because there's a lot of like sorry go
for it
no it's gonna say there's a lot of like
there's like the offline
community there's the ls community
there's like different like sub
communities
yeah yeah different communities
i feel like why are you fishing and i
feel like no i mean
screw i'm always fishing my friend
but i feel like of the offline community
is like a congregation of like
leak me uh some hearthstone asians
asians yep asia
like pretty much any one asian on the
twitch
uh like community
is somewhat related to offline tv and
we're at the center of it
it is the dream of any starting asian
streamer
to do they get to know us i don't think
you understand on the daily i get a
a dm from someone that says can you
please own me
on the daily you don't you have no
idea what the [__] people let me see
like if i could find someone there's i
think there's someone just recently that
was just like
yeah they they even did hashtags it's
like hashtag owned by offline hashtag
slave for toast
i was just like what the [__] is this
dude
yeah it's a lot of people everyone wants
to be your slave toast i'm telling you
right now
fred do you have an asian fetish because
you hang out with so much asians
did you do you so funny i asked this
question every day uh
no it's just like it i interrupt
asians so much it it i like
i don't know what it is but like it
feels comfortable
to to interact with them does that make
sense
like it's just as an asian i'm offended
that you see us as objects no
no no is this cultural appropriation no
that we are being appropriated i'm sure
i'm mexican
i'm just trying to be i know i'm not
objectifying i'm just
being honest it's like it's like uh when
i grew up i he was talking about a bunch
of mexicans and it's like when you see
other mexicans it's like hey
you know like it's just like you think
you're one of us
huh is that how you see it i thought
you know i thought we accept you know i
started i don't know i thought
i thought i was you know one of the
squad you know what i'm saying but
you are at this point you're an honorary
agent i'm giving you a
e-word pass wait really
yeah this you you can say it whenever
you want yeah
um wait the pokey has that pass too
right because everyone thinks she's
asian
my mom still thinks she's asian really
yeah actually all my friends think she
didn't remember like high school friends
back in the day
anyways uh house of only asians
yeah i don't know man
but the whole mexican thing like you
know like you see another mix and you're
like hey
you know same thing right now i feel
like i feel like
i feel that way with asians does that
make sense
sorry sorry this sounds weird but it's
just like
so so can you act out what happens when
you see lily on a day by bit because you
know
you see yeah
um with a bag of mcdonald's are you
doing anything
no okay you'll come in sit down and just
start eating while browsing around it
and just stays here for like
mm-hmm oh he's not like a compadre
oh no i don't like act differently it's
just like a
uh gravitate but i wouldn't say i have a
fetish
of any kind that was a long explanation
did you ask the question well would your
future wife be the best at something if
it could be
if she could be the best slp
i'm sorry um
[Laughter]
i i actually think it'd be really nice
if she was if she was the best
video game player at a video game i'd be
very impressed
yeah i'd be impressed too like that that
would feel
and like for me that's what i look for
as well which is like
value
i don't think that's i don't think she
has to do that i just think look like
i know what it's like i think i know
what it's like to try to be the best at
something
you know it's really [__] hard so it
was like you know i
did someone they were the best female
league legends player in the world i'd
be like holy
[__] i'm so like
i'm just really lucky to be with this
person you know because like they can
maintain
that while maintaining a relationship
that's crazy the question was
if what would we want the most in a
partner
like uh like if she if they can be the
best at something
you know what fed you can do whatever
you want what are you looking for in the
partner
however you want uh
[__] that there
that they're i don't [__] know man
like
so it's such a hard question i do
[__] i would want them to be
good at what they do and independent and
not necessarily need
me like but like we can we support each
other like that's what i would want the
most
that makes sense you know i actually
wouldn't mind a more dependent
relationship
i don't know though honestly i think it
might toast it changes a lot i like the
emotional dependency
i think that's okay but i don't like the
um too much like
i don't i want to base it that's what i
mean okay
did you answer the question you can't
really think of anything
yeah i can't really think of anything
because michael is already the perfect
guy right
john wrote a giant section about aliens
love shot it's so funny
uh who here is most likely an alien if
you can go to an
alien world would you go there aliens
are superior to us in technology
what kind of invasion would they
commit what kind of invention do you
think they would bring with them
oh you know what i like this topic
which of us would be the alien i think
lily pichu
you think i'd be an alien yes because
you know
i think you know you're a little quirky
uh you're and you're i think you're too
talented at a wide variety of things you
know
so if i had to like really be like yeah
this [__] she ain't normal
that's that's why she's when he thinks
cara [__]
i think it okay i like this
i want to do a twist aliens will take
over the world how would they do it
silently the best way to do it take over
the entire
the entire world uh
mass reproduce
like themselves as humans like can
aliens morph and look like humans
figure out yeah anything you want so so
the aliens would would
like slowly like they would
reproduce and they'd look like humans
and then over like 100 200 300 years
like everyone would majority be aliens
or whatever
or it would be split whatever and then
that's how they take over there's like a
switch that turns them
uh activate their alien code and and
then
so so they they have to choose to be
like
she's like to be the most attractive
person when they come down though right
yeah like the most the you know yeah how
many of them do you think would look
like you
oh like all of them right
no every single one yeah sure i'm
throwing
come on i'm i i'm confused on the
question man
that's why he left scars saying they
will all look like you
because you're very attractive and
you'll probably [__] the most and have
the most kids
oh well i don't think i'm the most
attractive person
it was a very convoluted compliment yeah
yeah i'm sorry my brain did not
did not process that correctly but thank
you scar
what about you guys well they would just
lay their alien eggs into all the
products we consumed because we
are a capitalist and consumer society
that have no
independent thinking also
eggs in mcdonald's and it grows inside
you
like an alien baby
and starbucks mcdonald's and starbucks
take over those two franchises
alien babies and everyone
all right lily go
um
i'm like are you watching parasite
recently
oh oh yes can you sum up like the
general these little alien life forms
come to earth take over humans brains
meaning they eat them and take over
their head they can
seem as if they're human but they are
not human
and they can they have like super
strength and whatever that but they can
blend in really easily
you just have to eat humans um yeah
that's the premise of it
or is it going with this oh yeah and i'm
at this part
right where um they're running for i
don't know spoilers but you know what
it's an older enemy yeah
they're running for us um for office
like they're politicians and trying to
like
influence humanity that way or not take
over
per se but have a more of a position of
power i think that'd be really
interesting
what if our president was an alien or
like
all our top-ranking officials police
officers they were all alien and we just
didn't know that
yeah cool thanks for coming
i like that one yeah that's that's kind
of that's kind of like
where i was going to i like and then
like one day like
if you've seen star wars we're like they
execute order 66
and then they all turn on the human or
they all turn on like each other
i gotta do laundry look at this i gotta
[__] i would do laundry clean my room
35 bucks to do that well i don't know if
it still works so i'm just gonna do it
myself i'm gonna
the rest of the day's gonna be cleaning
my room and like [__] you know
well not playing valerant maybe i'll do
it later
i made a promise to this one person that
would play valeran with her you might
know her
oh my gosh maybe yeah i'll play it later
probably
what's her what's her name oh come on
fed you you know don't ask don't tell oh
okay okay okay
yeah it's probably the bro code right
that's part of bro code
again you know no one plays league
anymore lily
lily boy boy just released a nine minute
video about how league of legends sucks
he's in his [__] squat spongebob
squarepants pajamas sitting at the
the bottom of his staircase it looks
like he's about to cry and he's
nine minutes about how much solo queue
sucks
nine minutes okay well if you ever want
to play league you know
but you know what i'm down yeah i kind
of wanted to do a gauntlet of all the
riot games because like i actually can
play all of them
at like an okay level maybe valerie at
like the lowest level but an okay level
i could i could every time i see that
clip of you trying to heal someone but
you throw the stage
everyone does that it's not i just get
clipped
okay in the worst possible it's like
when i when i play on the
every night like it's just like a month
like every night there's a clip where
i'm just like [__]
dude but i'm this clip is definitely
hitting like
[__] twitter or livestream somewhere
oh let me hear you oh my god
oh it's so good all right
uh you know what i have a last topic and
that is to ask
how is everyone's mental during this
quarantine
because like a lot of people out there
whether they're living with friends or
family or
by themselves this quarantine is
starting to wear heavily on people's
mental in a way that people probably
didn't expect it's like well i'm just
gonna stay indoors for months and that's
two months and then it's three months
and
i don't think i think um
i've i've seen a lot of my friends go
through these slumps
i think there's definitely like a dip in
mood in general from what i can see
and like from social media from what i'm
reading and everything
i personally like the lack of sun
greatly i'm enjoying like no sun the
only time i ever get sunlight
the only time sunlight touches my skin
is if michael accidentally leaves the
blind open in the morning
or i have to go out to get my packages
or something like that
okay now how would you feel about the
quarantine michael was in there
dude it's like the
i worst i'm with friends thankfully
so and i have my dog it's not bad
i think because of my friends it's
bearable
i can't imagine if i were alone i think
i'd actually die from loneliness
i think yeah i think i think having
friends school too but
even like let's say like i wasn't
streaming like i feel like
uh you guys would be doing your own
thing i think i i'd have a lot of time
just sitting here like being like in my
head and when i'm in my head a lot i
like
have like not like sad thoughts but like
there's more
time to think about or to fall into like
a kind of depression not the actual
depression but you guys know what i mean
like
if you like keep yourself busy and
distracted you won't fall into like that
yeah
so like a bad train of thought i feel
like that's how i'm dealing with them
like trying to like
always be doing something to like keep
me out of like
that kind of zone um i've noticed i've
been cooking more like i haven't been
posting
post meeting like at all i just um i'm
buying but if i do have to order food
obviously i'll use
postmates that's crazy
it's really fun so if any of you ever
need like food you know let me know i'll
cook
and stuff girl about you
i mean scar you know how has it affected
you as a
you're still with friends but you are
single
not that dude actually like i had like a
week or two where i was really [__]
sad about it like actually like really
[__] lonely
um it's gotten a lot better now i think
it's it's just like
i i i've tried to do the fed thing where
i just like
lock myself away and just try to keep
myself busy you know like i'm grinding
like
i play so much every day like toast
knows because i
invited that a little bit but like i'm
literally i'm
i'm literally awake at like 11 or i'm
[__] playing
like valerie or something or about the
stream i'll stream at like one or
whatever i'll stream like nine
hours plus a day and when my stream's
over i'll play like to like
past midnight just to keep myself busy
i think it's been nice to reconnect with
old friends for valor i think
that's the best thing about that game is
like a lot of my old friends i couldn't
play with i like
like it's this is like a cool topic to
talk to each other about and then like
play games with
but yeah it kind of sucks like it really
i think it really [__] sucks actually
i i literally i just looked at how many
hours i streamed you know last year i
streamed every day of the year you
remember
yes yeah how could we forget dude i've
streamed more in the last
two months on average than
every month i did last year i streamed
on average
30 more hours this the last month i
think the last month and a half
than that because i've been trying to
keep myself busy i'm like uh
i'm like what 230 hours this last 30
days
that's it's a lot of [__] hours what
what's that guys my mom is calling me hi
mom
yeah i think it's one of those times
where definitely if you don't make yours
keep yourself busy you'll have those
thoughts where it's like
they're bad they're not good thoughts
your thoughts is dangerous
yeah yeah for sure um not green
so you know if you're maybe spending
alone
you know it's okay to reach out to
friends
you know they'll probably be very happy
that you thought about them to reach out
to
and just you know tell them what you're
going through don't don't try and go
through it by yourself
because that it's really difficult you
know
it's only the quarantine you're kind of
cooped up and crazy
so reach out to someone if you're
feeling that way and you know just talk
things out
just have someone listen
and that's it uh for today's podcast uh
thank you all for joining us on this
lovely day big thank you to
postmates for sponsoring and being out
for sponsor we will make you proud
by having all these people order a crap
ton of food
using code offlinetv100
thank you guys and uh yeah
uh thanks everyone for watching please
do remember to like comment and
subscribe
and we'll see you guys all next week
goodbye
[Music]
you